Hello,

Thanks for evaluating the code.

Although, I use Python and PyChram at my work I tried to automate the assignent in Java so that you can evaluate me on that skill as well.
My code is mostly focusing on all the testable scenarios rather than structure of the code.

Following are some guidelines which would be helpful in the process :-
1. Environment dependency :-
    1.1 Junit - junit-4.10.jar
    1.2 Selenium - selenium-server-standalone-2.53.1.jar
    1.3 Firefox Driver - geckodriver-v0.23.0
    1.4 OS - Ubuntu 16.04
    1.5 Firefox Browser - FF 46.0.1
    1.6 IDE - IntelliJ IDEA


2. I have tried to focus on all the possible testcases which would be testable with different datasets.

3. Testcases are written in the test functions with testdata.

4. Geckodriver is set in the system property in Setup method. If the code doesn't run then please download the geckodriver and mention the path of it in //System.setProperty("webdriver.gecko.driver", "/home/local/CORVIL/kkislay/Downloads/geckodriver");

5. As per my observation, if the tests are failing due to not finding addresses xPath, please run the test again.

6. For adding an address picture, program uses a picture called "dummy.png" which is stored in "/home/local/CORVIL/kkislay/Downloads/dummy.png". I have attached a copy of it in the application code.
   Please download it and change the location in the code else there will be failures.

7. test_04_Addresses test method is used to add records. Please add the values in order.

8. Although I use SVN at my work but I have tried to commit my code in Git and then I have given the code for it. New thing that I am doing :)
8. Future improvement that I wasn't able to do -
    8.1 The Calendar on New Address form doesn't appear on FF 46.0.1 version. I am only sending keys and setting value in there.
    8.2 I wasn't able to interact with the color selection box due to browser compatibility issues again. It would have been done. provided if I had some more time.
    8.3 The methods are not parameterized. So values are entered one by one. There is no testdata. I was trying to insert values from a CSV but it was taking time so I wasn't able to do.

Note:- If there is any issue in running the code feel free to reach me on +353-899791389 or kulin.kislay@gmail.com
